1. Draw a line through the object and C
2. Draw a line through the object and the object focus F_o
3. Draw a line parallel to the OA through the object.

Lines (2) and (3) will diverge (negative lens) or converge (positive lens) when
they strike (from left to right) the lens. Draw that line as appropriate for
the lens. ANY line you draw, parallel, bent, left or right of the lens, can be
extended arbitrarily far in either direction. But arrows will always be placed
to indicate that the light is moving to the right, and only place arrows on
the ends of rays that started from the left and were bent appropriately by the
lens on the right. (e.g., the unbent portion of ray (3), extended to the right
of the lens, should be dotted and NOT have arrows on it.)

If the object is directly over one of the focii, simply omit the corresponding
line (2) or (3). If the object is directly above the center, omit that line;
the image is identical to the object here (this unphysical situation is a
sanity check on the math ONLY).

A virtual object is one with light rays converging towards it. As far as these
diagrams go, that means that it is on the right-hand-side of the lens. A
virtual image is one with light rays diverging from it. This can appear on
either side of the lens; use the arrows drawn above to identify the diverging
or converging behavior of the photons near the image. A real image also is a
place where an image would be formed on an opaque card placed at the location.

Note these helpful guidelines:
	Magnification is 1 when the object (and image) is at the center.

	Magnification is 0 when the IMAGE is located on the image focus.

	An object MORE than twice the object-focal distance away from the vertex
	will produce a MINIFIED image LESS than twice the image-focal distance from
	the vertex, regardless of type of lens.

	An object LESS than twice the object-focal distance away from the vertex
	(but still further out than F_o) will produce a MAGNIFIED image MORE than
	twice the image-focal distance from the vertex, regardless of type of lens.
